[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: At Netflix do you typically
inline styles of the component level or
maintain separate style sheets?
>> Brian Holt: At Netflix we
maintain separate style sheets.
For right now there's enough best
practices around using CSS that I still
feel that that's the best story.
But I will be easily convinced otherwise.
>> Speaker 1: Let's see, what else?
What did we do with our myRoutes
function in the client app?
>> Brian Holt: We blew it up.
[LAUGH] We simply got rid of it and
we replaced it with rootRoute.
So you can still call this
myRoutes if you want to, but
I found it to be more accurate to call it
the rootRoute in this particular case.
So that's up to you,
you can also call it like routeConfig and
I'd be okay with that too.
>> Speaker 1: Can you go over axiom and
node ensure again?
>> Brian Holt: Briefly,
Axios is really just an Ajax client.
It's an Ajax client that uses promises,
and that's really all it is.
It's nothing more, nothing less.
All it does is it makes requests,
returns you a promise with
all the data that you expect.
As far as require.ensure, this is
the only context I've ever used it in.
So I don't necessarily know
a whole lot more than that.
Where is it, it's in ClientApp.
So you're welcome to look
at the documentation on it.
But suffice to say it basically makes
sure that I have these modules available
to me and then do this action.
That's basically the gist of ensure.
>> Speaker 1: Can you
push the final branch?
>> Brian Holt: I will push
the final branch momentarily.
>> Speaker 1: And then just when
rendering on the server how can
you authenticate users using,
how would you handle
authenitcation with this?
>> Brian Holt: That's a good question.
I'm trying to think of how we do it.
Well, let's not talk about the way
Netflix does it cuz it's a little
nuts cuz we have to worry about AB
testing on the side as well, but
you can basically grab sessions and
just feed it sessions.
So on the client you'll go grab sessions,
either from the cookies, or
you'll grab it from the session store or
whatever.
And then you can just feed in whatever
your session's gonna be on the server as
well, using props.
And then just kinda handle that,
merge that together in your client.